Add Developers Guide (#153)
ni/niveristand-fpga-addon-custom-device: Docs/Developer Guide.md

> ## Overview

Reviewer: If there is no text for the **Overview** section, it can be removed.

## Inline Custom Device with Asynchronous Loops

The **FPGA Addon Custom Device** is an [inline custom device with asynchronous loops](https://www.ni.com/documentation/en/veristand/latest/manual/custom-device-inline-async-loop/). It uses the [Inline Async API](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-custom-device-development-tools/tree/main/inline-async-api) for data transfer between inline and synchronous VIs.

The transfer of the scalar data types is done inline with the VeriStand's Primary Control Loop. The DMA transfer happens asynchronously using the `FPGA Addon Engine.lvlib:Input DMA Engine.vi` and the `FPGA Addon Engine.lvlib:Output DMA Engine.vi`.

Interaction with the NI FPGA targets is done using the [LabVIEW FPGA Advanced Session Resources](https://forums.ni.com/t5/NI-Labs-Toolkits/LabVIEW-FPGA-Advanced-Session-Resources/ta-p/3500447).

> The FPGA code requires an IRQ (address of 30)to control when the FPGA bitfile starts. This IRQ need to control when DMA read and write operations start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FPGA code requires an IRQ (address of 30) to control when the FPGA bitfile starts. This IRQ is needed to control when DMA read and write operations start.
```

## Extending Data Types Support

Support for new data types can be added by extending:

- The System Explorer starting from `FPGA Addon System Explorer.lvlib:Reload Bitfile.vi`.
- The Engine starting from `FPGA Addon Engine.lvlib:Initialize Driver.vi`.

These are the main entry points where supported data types for the FPGA Addon are defined.

## Special IP Data Types

> The **FPGA Addon Custom Device** supports using the [Speciality IO](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-fpga-addon-speciality-io) IP. This IP extends the support for the FPGA Addon by allowing the generation of Pulse-Width Modulation signals, sinewave signals, digital wheel speed sensor simulation and other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **FPGA Addon Custom Device** supports using the [Speciality IO](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-fpga-addon-speciality-io) IP. This IP extends the support for the FPGA Addon by allowing the generation of Pulse-Width Modulation signals, sinewave signals, digital wheel speed sensor simulation and others.
```
